# 2020 June 15

Chris will make a good beam for Jacek in a couple days.

NESRC training for new users is tomorrow. Paul and Jacek will go.

Jacek, Oleg, Alex Halavanau, James McCarthur, Oleg, and Chris met about dynamic diffreaction. Making a two-beam approximation simplifies the calc. We would like to implement this in SRW using parallel computing. Jacek prepared a commented code (3D), sending to James and Alex. The first step is to convert it to a parallel Python code. Oleg's view is that the core function should be written in C++, and higher order layers are written in Python.

SRW seems to have a lot of source generation, as well as propagation. Perhaps the code could be separated: 
- SRW-generators (undulator calcs, etc.)
- SRW-propagators
We should discuss this with Oleg. These could be exchanged by openPMD-style levels. What is the internal data structure in SRW?

What is the path forward for openPMD-wavefront? 

Jacek was playing with Lume-Astra, lume-genesis, and openPMD-beamphysics. Had some installation issues with conflicts with Fenix. Can run both now, but in separate environments. Ready to play with Genesis4. Got lattice files from Alex (these should be put in lcls-lattice). 

Adrian talked to Luebe? about WPG. Probably need to talk on Wed about forking. Jun posted updates in Slack. 

Chuck working for Jungfrau and ePIX10K to be installed in CXI. Progress is slow.

Chris and Paul are trying to arrange work for a software developer for LUME. 

# TODO

Chris: Get a beam for Jacek. Needs to get info to Paul in a couple weeks about LUME users. Could start a glossary. Email Oleg about openPMD-wavefront.

Jacek: Invite Paul to Dynamic Diffraction meeting. 

Paul: Will run the Wed. propagation meeting again. 

Chuck: Will continue with Jungfrau and ePIX10K 

Adrian:  Will meet on Wed. to update about WPG. 



