# 2020 June 29

Chris, Paul, Adrian, Chuck, Hugo Slepicka

There is a new standard beam configuration for LCLS-II, Chris will use that as the reference beam for Jacek. There is a tech note on it:
https://portal.slac.stanford.edu/sites/lcls_public/lcls_ii/acc_phy/technotes_lib/LCLS-II-TN-20-03.pdf

Adrian is still looking into the WPG/SRW forking. He needs to arrange the people who work on this to get together. This might take a few weeks. 

Alex Halavanau, James McArthur are working on Jacek's dynamic diffraction code/methods to get into SRW. They're prototyping this in Python. 

openPMD-wavefront standard: Chris will start an issue on Github asking for suggestions from Oleg.

openPMD-wavefront Python package: Jacek will prototype the curvature calculation. Jacek is waiting for the working example. Perhaps someone else can help. 

There's some script that converts Genesis v2 output directly to SRW:
https://github.com/ochubar/SRW/blob/master/env/work/srw_python/uti_io_genesis.py

Chris, Jacek, and Hugo will look at this, and suggest something for Wedneday. 

Any postdocs for SRW? SRW needs some distribution so that it can be installed at LCLS and EuXFEL. 

Paul had made a patch file for SRW, sent to Oleg for review. 

Beamline configuration, standard description and database. Panosc has some data models projects that are related. 

# TODO

Chris: Rework the Gaussian beam technote Astra sim to make a beam for Jacek. 

Jacek: 

Paul: Look for more funding, internal and external. 

Chuck: 

Adrian: Out next week. Should talk about WPG/SRW. Also looking for more funding. 



