# 2020 May 11

Chris met with Jacek about the Genesis (v2) model. Jacek prepared the basic input, and they got it to run on Cori at NERSC. Chris noticed that there was work to be done on lume-genesis before this can be put directly in a notebook. 

We should eventually move to Genesis v4, because v2 is not supported and has serious known limitations.

FAST? How to convert output to `openPMD-wavefront`

Jacek put together a Jupyter notebook modeling TXI using WPG. This starts with a Gaussian beam. 

Adrian notes that they have prepared Genesis output for WPG before, so methods and code exist.

Paul is more systematically going through SRW installation. Lots of compiler warnings. It uses, FFTW2, which is deprecated. Should move to FFTW3.

For RAFEL, they are worrying about miscut crystals, and modeling this in SRW. Some help with SRW documentation will help. We should restart our Wedneday monthly or bi-monthly meeting with Oleg. 

Chuck met with Jun. Antoine is working to put in the interface the Jun asked for: a more general interface without PSANA dependency. EPIX10k geometry is in there.


# For next Monday

Chris: Finish upgrading lume-genesis to be able to run and archive Jacek's Genesis v2 deck. Will write the field ouput to `openPMD-wavefront` format. Will set up a meeting with Jun, Carsten this Friday. Still needs to get a beam file for Jacek. 

Jacek: Will continue to work with Chris on Genesis -> WPG. 

Jun (not present): Will take Jacek's TXI notebook and get it to run. Should add pysingfel to the pipeline.  

Paul: Will continue working with SRW. Will still try to organize a Propagation Working Group (SRW/WPG meeting about how these interact). Probably thiw Wedneday. 8:30am PDT

Chuck: Will try to get singfel work for Jun this week. Working on COVID-19 work. 

Adrian: Will talk to Carsten on Friday about SIMEX dependencies.