# 2020 June 8



Paul wrote some patch files to remove most of the SRW warnings. Only a few hundred changes. 

SRW seems to have a lot of source generation, and not propagation. Perhaps the code could be separated: 
- SRW-generators
- SRW-propagators

ESRF still uses the IGOR version of SRW. There is a manual for that. 

Paul's notes from the Wednesday meeting, in the #lume-srw Slack channel:
IGOR version of SRW is still heavily used - Oleg has been working on Mac version of this. Paul has made some progress and will talk directly with Oleg about this.
Oleg thinks that getting SRW into Xcode would be helpful and is working at that.
We agreed that version numbers would be helpful for SRW. Oleg will look at adding them back in.
Adrian will discuss path forward with WPG maintainers
Jacek is working with Chris to develop openPMD and LUME interfaces to Genesis 4
Oleg brings up issue of whether we should we be converting SRW from openMP to MPI? GPUs? openMP uses memory more efficiently but doesn’t work between different boxes. SRW uses openMP but MPI can be added at the python level.
SRW on NERSC uses openMP.
What project resources do we need to support the full suite of openMP, MPI and GPUs?
Next week Oleg will start discussion with some bite-sized tasks (i.e. things that can be done by one person in a few months).

Chris wrote there about parallelization and conda-forge - higher level mpi4pu, and Dask  https://dask.org could be used, possibly simplifying the code. 

Jacek is working on a dynamical diffraction code with James McArthur and Alex Halavanau. They will talk to Oleg on how to do this. Oleg suggests a C++ core procedure, and use Python to parallelize it. They'll discuss this on Tuesday. Chris would like to be involved.  

Chris wrote writes for openPMD-beamphsics -> Geneis 1.3 v2 and v4. Still working on tuning an acutal beam for Jacek. Still needs to talk to Axel Huebel and Dave Sagan about openPMD-beamphysics and openPMD-wavefront. 

Optimal sampling for the wavefront grid? Fresnel language. Need to document the parameters needed, and then the procedure. 

Standards and Tools. Need a glossary. 

The WPG-SIMEX interface used to be managed by Carsten, now Jun. Adrian asked Jun about who manages the WPG-SIMEX interface. If we change to an openPMD-wavefront standard, Jun will need to modify things. 

Alexey Buzmakov is the main WPG developer. 


SRW and WPG needs a manual. This perhaps needs to be written by another person than the main developer. This is not a critical path issue, but would save us a lot of time in the future. 


# TODO

Chris: Get a beam for Jacek. Needs to get info to Paul in a couple weeks about LUME users. Could start a glossary. 

Jacek: Genesis4, and parallelizing the dynamic diffraction code. 

Paul: None

Chuck: Will continue with Jungfrau and EPICS10K 

Adrian: Will learn more about WPG, how it can be kept up-to-date. Will invite Carsten to our shared Slack channel.  





