# 2020 April 27

WPG has its own data format.

Jun worked on an openPMD standard for this some time ago, written by Carsten:
https://github.com/PaNOSC-ViNYL/openPMD-standard/blob/domex_wavefront/EXT_WAVEFRONT.md

There are Gitter groups for openPMD development: https://gitter.im

Jun will point Chris to some code to read/write this.

The standard should include the minimim information neeed. But what about difficult to compute quantities?

Possibilities: Slices, Wigner function description, modal decomposition

We should focus on the slices first. This is all we need for now.

`openPMD-wavefront` package, standalone?

openPMD-api 

? xrt 

Chris worked on the openPMD-beamphysics to Genesis beam file writer. 

Jacek had installed WPG on PSANA a long time ago. Has a TXI simple layout, using one of the tutorial examples. Got info from Andy Aquila. It is running. Waiting for beam file from Chris. At 4 keV -> 2 mJ, 5 keV -> 0.1 mJ. Probably should stick with 4 keV. 

He also contacted Warsaw about a collaboration. XFEL already has a collaboration with them. Nuclear Institute of Research? has a computing department, with ML people. Part of a proposal has something to do with SIMEX. Jacek asked if they were interested in working with us. They might provide 1 FTE? Jacek proposed 1 physics, 1 computer science person to join our meetings. 

Paul: ML proposal for automatic alignment of beamlines. 


# For next Monday

Chris: Will get a Genesis beam file for Jacek. 

Jacek: Will talk to Adrian this week about Warsaw stuff. Will work with an old beam file from Chris for now. Jacek will send Jun his WPG notebook. Will put on the github repository. 

Jun: Will try to get wavefront info into openPMD format. Needs the time-resolved intensity profile. Will try to make a notebook using `singfel` (Chuck's code). SIMEX's version needs updating. Is interested in trying singfel v2. 

Paul: Still working in SIMEX, keeping notes on dependencies. Will post issues on SIMEX github. 

Chuck: Contacted Andy, need to model EPIX detector, which will take some time. His team is developing pysingfel v2.0, not compatible with v1. Will chat with Jun about this. 

Adrian: Has a plan for more human resources. Is involving larger groups, someone who works with Genesis. Might have a draft proposal in 2 weeks. 






