# 2020 May 18

Chris rewrote lume-genesis to do archiving and loading from archive. He also wrote the Genesis DFl file to a proper openPMD-wavefront. Will prepare the e-beam for Jacek. 

Jacek worked with Chris with this. Jacek is working on other projects that use SRW that could benefit from this work. He's also discussing some of the limitations of Genesis with these people. 

Input to particular codes is out of scope for now - i.e. we will not standardize FEL code running.

How should layouts be described? Bmad/MAD are the standard for LCLS electron components. The Bmad manual also describes how X-ray optics can be laid out. This could be the start of a standard description.

What is the standard for X-ray optics? Users are:
 - Us
 - Engineers
 - Controls engineers 
  
We probably need a good working example first.

Paul met with Oleg, Diling, Jacek, et al., as an informational meeting about SRW. 

Adrian talked to Carsten about dependencies, and this seems to be well along. There is also a clear roadmap, and there are resources in the PANOsc project. 

Jun gave his updates on the Slack channel. 

Chuck sent Jun everything he needs to get started. 


# Next meeting in 2 weeks: June 1

Chris: will meet with Jun and Carsten about openPMD-wavefront. Will mention the layout problem. 

Jacek: Will get a beam from Chris for the 4 keV case, try to run Genesis, get the output in openPMD-wavefront, pass to SRW.

Jun (not present): ?

Paul: Will meet again with the Propagation Working Group, and make a list of priorities. 

Chuck: Nothing in particular. Will keep improving singfel. 

Adrian: Will be asking about more human resources from DESY. 