# 2020 July 20

Chris, Paul, Adrian, Chuck, Jacek, Jun, Hugo. 

Last week: Genesis and FAST don't work well for very short pulses (50 cycles).  Ago et al. use Osiris. Jacek is setting up a collaboration with Polish colleagues to install and use Osiris and possibly Puffin (needs some debugging). There are some papers comparing these codes. These codes don't take into account space charge. Jacek is encouraging them to look at LUME and we should keep in touch. They could use some help. 

PySINGFEL is working at EuXFEL and is much faster. Chuck shows some slides, including ePix10k sims, and an internal report. The basic input is a spectrum. Currently they are recreating this from measurements. https://github.com/chuckie82/pysingfel/
    
This code has many forks - how to we keep track of things? All are on Chuck's team. To connect this to the main example here, we need to connect it to the optics, simulated via WPG/SRW

We need some standard description for the pulses. With openPMD we could use streaming (from ADIOS, etc.). 

Chuck says that there are a few standards for the outputs: Nexus (hdf5), cxidb. 

SRW -> openPMD-wavefront -> ??openPMD-spectrum?? -> pySINGFEL -> Nexus/cxidb.
                         -> something else
Jun says that SIMEX already has some functions to convert. 

Chris and Alex Halavanau have written a document explaining the units of Genesis and SRW fields. Will discuss on Wednesday.

Chris will get Jacek a genesis beam from the latest LCLS-II-TN: https://portal.slac.stanford.edu/sites/lcls_public/lcls_ii/acc_phy/technotes_lib/LCLS-II-TN-20-03.pdf

How can we more directly contribute to LCLS operations?

Bill Schlotter is in charge of photon-side commissioning. What have they done to simulate things?

Adrian funded someone at CFEL for radiation damage calculations. He will help Jun with standards and interfaces. 

Virtual five-way. We should insert a short session about how to get the other lightsources involved. Adrian already pushed this into the organizers list of considerations. Perhaps it's a virtual coffee room, or the day after/before the five-way satellite. 


# TODO in 2 weeks. 

Chris: get Jacek a genesis beam file. 

Jacek: 

Jun:

Paul: Ask Bill Schlotter to join us sometime. 

Chuck: 

Adrian: 



