# 2020 June 1

Chris, Paul, Pacek, Chuck. 

Chris met with Carsten and Jun about openPMD-wavefront. Carsten is open to changes, and possibly merging this into openPMD-beamphysics. Chris will talk to Dave Sagan about this, and Axel Huebel. Still needs to tune the beam for Jacek, and finish the openPMD-beamphysics -> Genesis beam writer. 

Jacek has been working on RafEL, seeding, and dynamical diffraction that could eventually be included in SRW. Will work on Genesis all this week. Will work work Alexsei Halavanau. Will work with Genesis4. Chris and Alexsei will eventually make a lume-genesis genesis4 package.

Paul met again with Oleg, Diling, Jacek, et al., about SRW. He got SRW cleaned up (compiler warnings, some broken code), and is working on WPG now. There are extra challenges with macOS. The challenge with WPG is that it wants to install SRW. WPG seems to pull in a particular SRW version. He's documenting these changes. It seems like SRW/WPG needs a software engineer to fix these things. 

SRW needs a manual.

How to add nonlinearities in the future? The SRW backend might need to be something different. 

Chuck: Jungfrau went into CXI last week, should get some calibration data. Trying to simulate dynamic ranging in singfel. 


# Questions for next Monday:

How is WPG being maintained? Alexey Buzmakov seems to be the main developer now.

Who manages the WPG-SIMEX interface?

What should the standard description be? Perhaps there are things to be learned from commercial packages. GLAD has a good looking manual: http://www.aor.com/anonymous/pub/theory.pdf


