# 2020 August 24


Chris, Paul, Adrian, Jacek, Chuck, Hugo. 

September 10-11 Virtual N-way. 
We have a slot to talk about simulations: 25 min. Should push for end-end sim over the next 2-3 weeks. 

Chris started lume-elegant: https://github.com/slaclab/lume-elegant

Ideally someone else takes this on. Hugo could look at lume-astra, -impact, -gpt and see what is common enough to make a base class for all. lume-base? 

Hugo and Maksim presented a rework of SRW's development structure, and will meet with Oleg for a private session. Automatic documentation generation and make was impressive. Basically, this is a best practices rework to use modern tools. 

What in fact are the best practices? Hugo can point us to these.

API documentation is different from user documentation. 

Jun is working on writing openPMD-wavefront from WPG. 

Chris met with Axel Huebel about complex arrays in openPMD - we will look to adopt unofficial standards (from h5py) for storing these in HDF5 (which doesn't have a native type).

There are some 'SnowMass' beamphysics meetings coming up, and some topics are relevant to us.

1) Injector:     Astra (Chris, done. ) -> openPMD-beamphysics
2) Accelerator:  openPMD-beamphysics->elegant (Chris, nearly done) ->openPMD-beamphysics
3) FEL: openPMD-beamphysics-> genesis beam_file -> lume-genesis v4(Jacek) -> openPMD-wavefront
4) X-ray optics: openPMD-wavefront -> simple beamline (TXI toy model) WPG (Jun) -> openPMD-wavefront??
5) Sample interaction: openPMD-wavefront-> temporal profile (pysingfel) -> toy example using form factors without radiation damage -> diffraction pattern
6) Detector response: diffraction pattern -> detector pattern
7) Reconstruction/Analysis: detector pattern -> (Chuck, Jun) -> figure for presentation. 

1,2 are written in a tech note. 
3 Jacek
4 Jacek and Jun prototyped this in WPG. Chris, Jun, Jacek should meet on August 26 (Wed) after the wavefront meeting. 
  Paul will check it all. 
5 is valid when the sample is much smaller than the beam size. 
  Should start with Gaussian beam to make sure this is working. 
5,6 Chuck and Jun should work out what to do. 
7 Adrian will coordinate this. 

Dragonfly? Reconstruction package for SPI. Chris knows Duane from Cornell :) 
https://github.com/duaneloh/Dragonfly

We need a story on how this goes from demonstration -> tool. 

Message to N-way: this is not a closed club. 

openPMD-wavefront needs another iteration, not necessary for above to work.

We want to have standards, so that experts who write packages can implement them (and need less a lume- wrapper).


# TODO in 1 week. 

Chris: Clean up Astra, elegant sims, make beam for Jacek. Talk to Alex H. about Genesis v4. 

Jacek: On vacation this week, will meet next Wed.

Chuck: Talk to Jun

Paul: Talk to Dave Fritz about abberation data for TXI. Ask Bill Schlotter to join us sometime. 

Adrian: Think more about 7. 



