# 2020 May 4

Jun pointed Chris to a script from Carsten to convert wpg to openPMD-wavefront. He talked to Chuck about `singfel`, but the latest version only supports LCLS detectors. Need to contact Antoine (Chuck's postdoc).

Chris reorganized the openPMD-wavefront package to be a real package.

Carsten, Jun, Chris should meet about the details. Maybe Axel Huebel.

Gitter - openPMD channels -api

tomviz is a nice tomographic visualization package.

Paul got WPG to work on his laptop. Then tried to compile Simex, which seemed to have a bunch of dependencies, Geant4 etc. After getting that to work, Simex then tried to install an older WPG.

The dependencies should be reworked and not be circular. 

It would be nice to be able to conda install everything. Need some work to get C++, Fortran to compile (conda-forge).

Others at SLAC are struggling with SRW. We need better documentation, not done by students. Student can test the documentation. Maybe setup a team with Oleg and SLAC/EuXFEL people for this.

Propagation users group. What is the goal of SRW, WPG? We need to decide what is actually needed. 

Jacek: Some Fresnel number terminology might help? Should also consider other packages. Dynamic diffraction. 

Developed a WPG notebook that's similar to TXI. 

Jacek and Adrian talked with someone from Institude for Nuclear Research Warsaw about getting someone else involved. They have a collaboration with EuXFEL mainly for data.

We might need a new meeting time - will send a doodle poll. 


# For next Monday

Chris: Needs to work on Genesis writer, send a beam to Jacek. Will continue to work with openPMD-wavefront package. 

Jacek: Will get a beam from Chris for Genesis. Will meet with Chris on Friday.  

Jun: Will continue working with singfel, and to get the new version to run custom detectors. 

Paul: Will keep working on getting SIMEX, WPG etc. installed. Will document what he had to do to get it to work. 

Chuck: Will work with Jun with singfel. 

Adrian: Will organize a Propagation Working Group (SRW/WPG meeting about how these interact) 8am PDT, May 18ish.

Marc: will keep in touch with Adrian. 